[PXCT-861] Nicla Voice Microphone section totally updated and tested (#2715)
arduino/docs-content: content/hardware/06.nicla/boards/nicla-voice/tutorials/user-manual/content.md

- The length of the extracted audio data is stored in the `len` variable.
- The extracted audio data is passed to the G722 encoder, which compresses the audio and sends it to the serial port.

#### Linux Workflow

To extract the audio data on a **Linux computer**, follow the steps below:

- Set up the serial port as raw:

```bash
stty -F /dev/ttyACM0 115200 raw
```
- Dump the data to a file (e.g., test.g722):

```bash
cat /dev/ttyACM0 > test.g722
```
- Install **ffmpeg** with `sudo apt install ffmpeg` to convert the `.g722` file to `.wav`:

```bash
ffmpeg -f g722 -i test.g722 -ar 16000 test.wav
```

> Then, you can open the `.wav` file with a software like [Audacity](https://www.audacityteam.org/) to play back the audio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then you can open the `.wav` file with software like [Audacity](https://www.audacityteam.org/) to play it back.

```

#### Windows Workflow

To extract the audio data on a **Windows computer**, follow the steps below:

Download **PuTTY** for free [here](https://www.chiark.greenend.org.uk/~sgtatham/putty/latest.html), install it and open it.

> 1. Select "Serial" as connection type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select "Serial" as the connection type

```

2. Enter the serial port where your board is connected
3. Set the baud rate to `115200`
4. In the left menu, navigate to "Logging"
5. Select "All session output"
6. Define the directory to save the recorded file `.g722`
7. Click on "Open" to start recording audio

![PuTTY steps](assets/serial-g722.png)

- To stop recording, simply close the terminal window
- Navigate to your `.g722` file directory, and now it is time to convert it to `.wav`
- Download **FFmpeg** for Windows [here](https://www.gyan.dev/ffmpeg/builds/)
- From the Command Prompt (CMD), navigate to the download directory to use it, or add it to your system PATH
- Run the following command to convert the `.g722` file into `.wav`

  ```bash
  ffmpeg -f g722 -i <update-with-directory>\test.g722 -ar 16000 test.wav
  ```

> Then, you can open the `.wav` file with a software like [Audacity](https://www.audacityteam.org/) or any media player to play back the audio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, you can open the `.wav` file with software like [Audacity](https://www.audacityteam.org/) or any media player to play back the audio.

```
